Places
------

Overall, this is a feudal society.

Start place - a shrine, where every generation or so a moongate arises
and a Wanderer emerges. Some foodstuffs and basic equipment left by
(offering left at the shrine, perhaps). An low-key encounter or two
nearby, and a friendly NPC nearby. 

Cave near start - small cave, perhaps an animal cave.

Dungeon to undersea passage with necropolis at other end - minor task
to cross undersea that way.

Start town - a humble farming village. Contains the basics: food,
shelter and basic utensils. A spare bed. Most trading will be with
townspeople as opposed to merchants, but there will be a
blacksmith. There will also be an itinerant trader. An herbalist or
goodwife or hedge-witch of some kind. Peasant class. At least one
soldier home recuperating, training a militia. Can learn skills from
blacksmith. Probably someone who knows *of* the thieves guild, though
thieves aren't tolerated in general. At least one orc or half-orc as a
slave or menial laborer. An old hermit in the woods nearby with some
knowledge of magic.  Also a carpenter, hunters and
fishers. Surrounding terrain is forest but cleared for fields. A
palisade around the town or town center. Need a well in the town
center. A headman who is one of the farmers. One modestly
well-fortified building. This town is a fief of a lord who comes by
every year or so.  An elderly (retired) sargeant watches over the
lord's interest. Industries: small-game hunting in the fields and
surrounding woods, wild foods like mushrooms, berries and perhaps tree
fruit, fruit trees planted in-town, grain and vegetable
crops. Chickens, pigs, goats sheep and a few cattle. No butcher shop
necessary. There is a common brewery/drinking hall, a mill (a miller),
a common granary and a bakery. A fishing pond. A
woodcutter. Blacksmith can get pig-iron from traders. Someone who
knows how to tan hides.

Port town - a town on the border of a channel sea, where the player
may buy passage as one possible means of getting to phase II.


Magic System Requirements
-------------------------

Targeting system enhancements:

Cone spells: specify arc first, then direction
Splatter effect: show splatter radius as part of targeting cursor
Bouncing betty targeting: specify sequence of targets for same spell
